chapter1 :-

Inspiring Stories of true Friendship!
You do not have to bother on being judged on the basis of differences that may be based on any ground. From last many years the World has been finding ways to dive deeper into the beauty of this beautiful relationship. Many a time's authors around the World have penned down various heart-touching stories related to friendship, some of them, the real ones while some based on their own imaginations.

Here we are going to provide our readers with some really fabulous short stories on friendship which will be really helpful in making people understand the essence of friendship. These Friendship stories will also be helpful in being a better friend. Read to through the stories on friendship and rejoice the real meaning of being a friend.

Story 1
There were two friends who were walking across a desert. While they were walking they got into an ugly argument and out of anger one of them slapped the other on the face. The one who was slapped, though was hurt he did not said anything and quietly wrote over the sand "I am hurt because today my friend hit me n my face". They resumed walking and kept walking until they came across an oasis. They decided to take bath in the oasis then. While they were taking bath the one who had got slapped started drowning. The other friend came to his rescue and saved him. After he got rescued, he wrote on the stone "Today I was saved by my best friend".

The other friend asked him, "Why did you write on the sand when I slapped you while you wrote on the stone when I saved you?" Upon this, the other friend replied that its better we write on sand when your friend hurts you as it will be gone with the wind but write it on stone when your friend does something good to you so that it could be engraved forever.

Moral of the Story
Your friend always sees the brighter side of you! No matter what your friend will always come to rescue you be it any circumstance!

Story 2
There were two friends named Sam and Jason. One single day, while they were on their way to Boston city they met with an accident. The other morning, While Sam was still lying unconscious; Jack woke up with blind eyes. The doctor was looking at the reports of Sam when he woke up. The doctor was looking at Sam with benevolent eyes as he was diagnosed with blood cancer. Sam decided to donate his eyes when he dies. He asked the doctor not to disclose this to Jason.

As time passed by, their friendship started deteriorating gradually and Jason started avoiding Sam as he thought it's worthless to have a friend who will dies in few days. Sam became depressed and he died soon. Jason came on the burial of Sam where he was offered with a latter by the doctor. It was written by Sam! It read that "I want to donate my eyes for you Jason when I will die. It drove tears in Jason's eyes and he started crying and remembering those days when they used to be together.

Moral
No matter what you do t6o your friend; they will always be present for you in your bad times.